a 24-year old men was snatched by a
crocodile in front of at least 15 on
lookers as he swam across a northern
Australian River with a friend
police said Sunday Northern Territory
police said the man was with a group
celebrating a birthday at the Mary River
wilderness retreat about 110 kilometres
70 miles from Darwin on Saturday when he
decided to plunge into the water they
were watching him swim across Senior
Sergeant Jeff bahan are told AFP of the
group and they just saw a crocodile with
him in its jaws police conducted a
search for the man but were unsuccessful
the search was continuing Sunday the
high alert said adding that the largest
crocodile at the site had been shot and
killed as a precaution the reports
suggested the men had ignored warnings
not to swim in the river because of the
risk of the crocodile attack we tell
people to stay away from the water they
obviously went against this and a man
was taken an employee of the resort
Aaron Bayard told News cooperation in
Australia we say to everybody it's full
of Crocs it's one of the most populated
rivers in the territory every couple of
kilometers there is a large croc
saltwater crocodiles which can grow up
to seven Metra's 23 feet long and weigh
more than a ton are a common feature of
Australia's tropical north they have
been protected since the 1970s and their
numbers have increased steadily since
along with the number of human
encounters in December a nine year old
boy was taken by a four metre crocodile
while swimming in the Northern Territory
one month after a seven-year-old girl
went missing while swimming also in the
north for a news feed er Maria Paul